Welcome to "Counseling, Performance, and Grievances."
This module will provide you with a foundational
understanding of some of the articles that are included in
the 2017 Master Agreement by and between the Department of
Veterans Affairs, or VA, and the National Association of
Government Employees, or NAGE.
The articles covered in this module are listed on the screen.
These 20 articles are primarily concerned with matters of
performance, advancement, and conduct that include job
classifications, competencies, promotion,
performance appraisals, counseling,
and disciplinary actions.
In addition, some articles cover procedures for addressing
grievances or concerns on the part of the Department,
the Union, or the Employee.
After completing this module, you will be better prepared to
effectively interpret these articles as they were intended
originally and avoid creating your own intent.
You will then feel more confident in following and
complying with the articles when using them in the field.